Fixed Kitty Bed texture render bug.
 

Weapons:
	Fixed weapons not dealing any damage.
	Fixed game crash on blocking with weapons. This was fixed by using the last update of the Mo' Creatures source code on GitHub.
 


Readded ability to feed Pet Snakes with live Mice. Shift and right-click on a Pet Snake with a Mouse in your hand, it may be a bit hard to get the aiming right.

 

Big Golem:

	Fixed Big Golem being invincible even in full form. This was fixed by using the last update of the Mo' Creatures source code on GitHub.
	Fixed Big Golem trying to pick up Bedrock.
 


Fixed Werewolf taking too much damage when hit for the first time.  This was fixed by using the last update of the Mo' Creatures source code on GitHub.


Renamed some Items and Entities in the language file:
	WWolf --> Dire Wolf

	WildHorse --> Horse

	Pet Food --> Pet Food

	Komodo Egg --> Komodo Dragon Egg



Removed everything related to the custom mob spawner


Replaced entity textures with a backport of the textures from crazyspacekid's 16x Mo Creatures Resource pack with further modifications.


Removed Ent entity.


Fixed Fox, Bear, BigCat, Kitty, Shark, and Pirrana not hunting the Mobs they are supposed to. They also now hunt the specific mobs regardless of whether huntingmobs config is disabled or not.


Sharks no longer attack dolphins, this makes it more realistic as in real life sharks are afraid of dolphins.


Boars no longer hunt any animal, and only attack in self-defence.


Kitties, Foxes, and Bears no longer go out into the ocean to hunt fish.


Increased shark hunting cooldown between each prey.


Foxes, Bears and Komodo Dragons no longer try to attack creatures larger than themselves.


Removed enablehunters config option. All predator creatures will now hunt prey.


Crocodile and Komodo Dragons now only hunt creatures they are supposed to.


Fixed Sharks attacking other Sharks.


Pet Shark can now be healed with raw fish or clownfish.


Readjusted Kitty Bed fleece colours to better match Minecraft wool colours. Also, fixed the fleece for the black Kitty Bed being fully black without any texture.


Readjusted code for predators hunting mobs to call functions from parent file MoCAnimal to make code more efficient.


Increased attack damage for adult crocodiles. The adult crocodile bite is now one of the strongest attacks out of Mo' Creatures animals. Also fixed Crocodiles not dealing damage rapidly enough when creatures are stuck inside it's mouth.


Fixed Shark not targeting land mobs that are floating in water.


Fixed kittybed items of different types being stacked together.


Replaced depreciated biome methods "Frozen" and "Desert" with updated biome methods "Snowy" and "Sandy".


Sharks now don't attack back if the attacking creature is a monster. This also stops sharks from fighting Gaurdians from the Village Names mod.



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Readjusted entity biome spawns to make creatures spawn in similar biomes as they do in real life. Also Tweaked spawns weights of most creatures. The main change for spawn weights is lowering the spawn weight for predator creatures, lowering spawns for insects to a minimum, and making spawn weights closer to spawns for vanilla mobs.


Big Cats types now spawn in their proper biomes (lions & cheetahs - savanna | tigers & panthers - jungle | leopard - snow biomes).

Snake types now spawn in their proper biomes (rattlesnakes & dark brown snakes - deserts | bright green snake & blackish snake - Forests | orange snake, bright green snake & cobras - jungle | python, bright green snake & blackish snake - swamps)


Readded Roach spawns

The following Creatures Now only spawn in:
	Lions & Cheetahs - savanna | Tigers and Panthers: jungle | Leopards: snow biomes

	scorpions: deserts, snow biomes, and in the nether. Cave scorpions will now only be able to be found underground in desert or snow biomes.

	Werewolves and Dire Wolves: taiga biomes

	Ducks now only spawn near: rivers

	Bunnies: forest biomes

	Water Creatures:
		Piranhas: jungle biomes

		Jellyfish, Sharks, Medium Fish, & Fishies: oceans


		Small Fish: rivers and swamp biomes


		Dolphins and Rays: oceans and swamps.

	African Elephants: savanna biomes | Asian Elephants: jungle biomes | Mammoths: snow biomes.

	Horse Mobs: plains biomes, savanna biomes, and in the nether.

	Wild Horses: tier 2 horses: plains biomes only | zebra: savanna biomes only

	
	Black & Brown Bear: Forests, Hills, Extreme Hills | Pandas: Jungle Biomes (and Bamboo Forest if you use a mod that adds it in) | Polar Bear: Snow Biomes  


	Kitty: Forest biomes


	Ostriches: savanna biomes

	Crabs: beach biomes

	Racoons: forest biomes

	Snakes: desert, forest, jungle, and swamp biomes

	Turtles: swamp biomes

	Mouse: forest, hills, and plains biomes

	Goats: mountain biomes


	Insects:
		Bee and Butterfly: Forests and Jungles
		Ants: Forests, Jungles, Plains, and Swamps
		Cricket: Forests, Hills, and Plains
		Dragonfly: Swamps, and near Rivers
		Firefly: Forests and swamps

		Flies, Maggots, Snails, and Roaches: Forests, Jungles, and Swamps
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Removed config option for zebra spawning weight within horses as zebras will now spawn in savanna biomes with the same weight as all other horses.


Fixed flying horse speed glitch when players have a creature on their head or in their hand. Now players cannot ride a horse with another creature in their hand or on their head.


Fixed glitch where mice and pet baby scorpions will get tilted into their picked-up state even if they failed to get picked up by the player.


Fixed naming GUI popping up when feeding a tamed Bear.


Pandas can now be tamed and healed with Biomes O' Plenty, Et Futurum Requiem, and Tropicraft Bamboo.


Fixed bug where Crocodile is always sitting and won't move even to attack the player


Fixed Crocodile being invisible when doing spin attack.


Fixed the player model being stuck in death state in f5 mode when dismounting a spinning crocodile without killing it.


Renamed fur, hide, reptile, and scorpion armor items' prefixes.


Kitty bed, Kitty Litter boxes and Fishbowls now drop themselves on death. Kitty litter boxes will only drop themselves on death if they are clean. Kitty bed and Kitty Litter boxes now have 5 HP.


Fixed Whip not working.


Fixed Horses not having the health that their is supposed to have.


Fixed Fire Horse and Dark Pegasus not being immune to Fire.


Removed all previous APIs, Mo'Creatures is now a standalone mod.


Fixed horse dying and horse mad sounds not playing.


Added 85 achievements for the Mo' Creatures mod.


Increased fairy horse hp from 20 to 35.


Every horse that is made from essences or ghost horses now defend themselves against attacking mobs when not mounted.


Increased Elephant default attack damage. Adults attack damage is 8, child attack damage is 4. Both of these increase with the type of tusks they are wearing.


Fixed Nightmare horse sitting when using a whip while mounted.


Fixed whip sounds not playing when making a horse sit.


Changed the protection values of fur and hide armor to be the same as leather armor.


Fixed Dark Pegasus being slower than Tier 1 horse.


Simplified and improved efficiency of horse code for interact with player, selecting horse type, and applying attributes.


Renamed some variables and functions in the code for Golem and Mini Golem to improve the meaningfulness of their identifiers.


Readjusted Fire Horse and Fire Werewolf animation speed to fit the new 16x texture.


Snails, Maggots, and Jellyfish now no longer drop slime balls. 


Fixed Snail Hp: reduced from 20hp to 2hp.


Made all essence recipes shapeless. Also, you now get two empty bottles back from crafting an essence of light.


Horses now handle horse armor protection and their damage reduction in almost the same way as vanilla Minecraft horses.


Modified moclogo image to differentiate from the original mod.


Fixed kitty bed items not having their colour as a prefix in their names.


Added built-in Thaumcraft aspects.


Added option in config to control whether special horses fight back if attacked.





Mo'Creatures now no longer tries to change entity despawning. Despawning of Mo' Creature entities is now handled by default Minecraft. Tamed creatures and item entities (eg: kitty bed) will not despawn. Also, removed the config option to force despawns.


Bunnys now need to be fed a carrot or golden carrot to be tamed. You can heal them using the same items as well. Also, fixed players being able to put untamed bunnies on their head.


Added death messages for pets. These will only be visible to the owner of the entity.


Pandas now eat bamboo item if it is on the ground or dropped near them.


Adding petfood to kittybeds and adding sand to used kitty litter boxes can now be automated using dispensers. Or you can drop the item on them yourself if you want to.


Added sound effect for kitty using the litter box.


Added new sounds for Pandas.


Bunnies can now be tamed and healed using Biomes O Plenty Wild Carrots, Biomes O Plenty Turnips, and Et Futurum Requiem Beetroot in addition to the previous items (carrot, and golden carrot)


Birds can now be tamed and healed using any Minecraft seeds, beetroot seeds from Et Futurum Requiem and turnip seeds from Biomes O' Plenty


Improved code for interact with birds. Pet birds can now be fed any seeds by hand to feed them or you can drop them near them and they will eat them.


Ostriches can now only be healed with seeds. Ostriches now also accept Biomes O Plenty Turnip Seeds, and Et Futurum Requiem Beetroot Seeds


Improved code for picking up and dropping birds, bunnies, snakes, mice, pet scorpions, fish bowl, kitty bed, and kitty litter box. You now need to use an empty hand to pick them up on your head and drop them from your head.


Fixed plop sound not playing in many instances.


Removed all small fish except for anchovies, goldfish, and angel fish as they were the only freshwater fish. This was done to make small fish only freshwater fish. 


Fixed rattlesnake rattle sounds. Also replaced old rattle sounds and added new ones.


Added new food items for Big Cats. Big Cats can now be tamed and healed using raw porkchop, raw beef, raw chicken, raw fish, raw ostrich, raw turkey, and Et Futurum Requiem raw rabbit.


Baby elephants can now only be tamed using sugar lumps. Tamed elephants can still be healed using sugar lumps and wheat.


Simplified elephant code for interact with player that is holding tusks.


Renamed pet food to cat food.


Rattlesnakes now rattle as a warning to the player. If the player ignores the rattle and still approaches the untamed rattlesnake it will attack the player.


Added proper damaging and drops to kitty litter box, kitty bed, and fish bowl.


Added more comments in the config file, and removed old config options that were for custom mob spawner.


Kitties will now sleep in kitty beds at night if they find one. If they don't find one they will sleep on the spot.


By default, Creepers are now afraid of Kitties. This was achieved by replacing vanilla MC creepers with own extension of creeper code. Also added a config option to turn this off.


The following wild adult creatures now defend their young from attackers: Bears, Big Cats, and Elephants.


Health bars for pets now only show if they are hurt. Health bars can still be disabled altogether through config.


Using Whip now only interacts with the closest entity to the player, and no longer tries to interact with multiple entities around the player. Also, decreased range at which this interaction happens to make the entity sit, you now need to be slightly closer to the entity that you want to sit down.


Fixed bug where flying monsters would not fly up to players if they were above them.


Removed spawn slimes on death of zombie horse mob.


Fixed crocodile hurt sounds not playing.


Fixed crocodile walk animation not playing.


Improved picked-up behaviour for mice, pet scorpions, snakes, birds, and bunnies. Mouse and Pet scorpion will now get dropped from the player's hand if the player does not have an empty hand selected. All the previous creatures will also no longer take damage if you try to punch them while they have been picked up by you.


Fixed pet scorpion being too far away from the player when picked up.


Elephant bulldozer can now only destroy logs and leaves (anything from a tree). This was done to make elephants similar to real life where they can knock down trees.


Removed unused imports and organised imports for all source code.


Fixed Pet amulet and Horse amulets displaying old name for horses.


Pet Wyverns can now be healed with Et Futurum Requiem raw rabbit.


Added new animations for horse and ostrich ramming.


All ridable creatures can now only be mounted with an empty hand.


Tamed Komodo Dragons can now be healed using Et Futurum Requiem raw rabbit.


Elephant:
	Fixed bug where it gets confused when the player tries to ride it.

	Tusks can now only be taken off by using shears on the elephant.


Fixed Flying mounts not being as fast as they are supposed to be.


Fixed Unicorns not gliding when ridden by a player.


Fixed dying sounds not playing for the following creatures:
	- Deer
	- Elephant
	- Bear


Improved name for mount chest containers. Also made mount containers dependent on language file.


Fixed deer being frozen. Also fixed deer not running away from players and scary creatures.


Big Cats, Bears and Crocodiles now hunt every animal that is as big as or smaller than a deer. The baby versions of these predator creatures will hunt every animal that is the same size as a chicken and smaller.


Made the remaining gui-related text dependent on language files.


Fixed pet fish drowned death message. Also added new death message for aquatic pets dying out of water.


Fixed name height for pet wyverns.


Added Chinese (Simplified) language file. Thanks to Omgise for the translation.


Changes Medium Fish Spawns:
	Salmon: Rivers and Ocean
	Bass: Rivers and Swamp
	Cod: Ocean


Reduced weakness damage to werewolf from golden sword to be 9. Silver swords alone are now the most powerful items against werewolves.


Added more weakness items for Werewolf:
	Witchery: Silver Sword

	Biomes O' Plenty: Golden Scythe

	Battle Gear 2:
		Golden Dagger
		Golden Battle Axe
		Golden Mace
		Golden Spear


Fixed turning player view to match wyvern view even if the player failed to mount the wyvern.


Fixed egg-hatching chat notification not being dependent on the language files.


Radded Mandarin and Anglerfish, they now only spawn in the ocean. Also added emissive textures for Anglerfish.


Fixed armor protection not working for wyverns. Also fixed a minor bug with armor protection for magic horses.


Reduced Witchery Silver Sword damage for werewolves to 9 (same as Gold Sword). Because of this, the Mo'Creatures Silver Sword is now the most powerful weapon against Mo' Creatures werewolves.


Tweaked ostrich helmet protection values to follow a similar order to horse armor protection.


Simplified and improved efficiency of interact code for Wyverns and Elephants. Also, improved code for elephants dropping tusks when sheared or stored in a pet amulet.


Fixed Skeleton shooting the horse mob that it is riding when trying to shoot the player.


Fixed bug where special horses try to wear regular horse armor, which caused that special horse to be invisible.


Renamed "Crystal Mount Armor" to "Crystal Horse Armor".


Simplified code for horse dropping armor when sheared or stored in an amulet.


Readded dancing zebras. They now dance when any music disc is put in a jukebox nearby. This was the only way I could bring back dancing zebras as I couldn't make them detect when a jukebox nearby was specifically playing the zebra record.


Fixed skeleton and undead horse skull textures.


Fixed horse mob and wraith not chasing player if the player manages to get above them.


Crickets will now only use their yellow varient when spawning in savannahs or deserts. Also changed Cricket spawning, they now only spawn in forests, plains, and savannahs.


Big Cats, Zebras, and Elephants will no longer spawn in the Outback biome from Biomes O'Plenty. Normal Mo'Creatures horses will spawn in the Outback instead of Zebras to resemble Brumbies in real life.


Flies now spawn in Savannah type biomes.


Fixed the replace creepers event not being dependent on the config files.


Fixed pet naming GUI not accepting non-english characters.


Fixed crash when starting up a server with Mo' Creatures Legacy.


Improved descriptions for some configuration options in the config files


Turkeys now no longer spawn in savannah biomes. Deers now only spawn in forests and jungles.


Fixed EnderIO tooltips not showing for MoC weapons. Also fixed MoC weapons not able to be enchanted through an enchanting table.


Fixed silver sword texture.


Added horse meat drop integration with the Food Expansion mod and Improving Minecraft mod. If GregTech6 is not installed and any of these mods are loaded, normal Mo' Creatures horses will drop horse meat from those mods. The priority for horse meat drops are 1 - Food Expansion. 2 - Improving Minecraft.


Fixed MoC weapons and armor not repairable with their materials in an anvil. Note: scorpion swords are repaired using diamonds.


Fixed bear spawning in desert.


Fixed naming GUI positioning with different GUI scales.


Improved food item detection code for creatures that eat dropped items.


Fixed naming GUI displaying when feeding a tamed fox or raccoon.


Added GregTech6, Palm's Harvest, and more Biomes O' Plenty Item Integration for Taming and Feeding items using Ore Dictionaries:

	Ore Dictionaries with the "listAll" prefix apply to GregTech6, Biomes O' Plenty and Palms Harvest. They may also work with other mods as well.
	All other Ore Dictionaries here are from GregTech 6.

	- Big Cat: listAllmeatraw, foodScrapmeat

	- Bunny: listAllveggie

	- Bird: foodRaisins, listAllseed

	- Ostrich (feeding only): foodRaisins, listAllseed 

	- Horse (feeding only): listAllwheats, listAllgrain, itemGrass , itemGrassDry

	- Elephant (feeding only): listAllfruit, listAllwheats, listAllgrain, itemGrass, itemGrassDry

	- Fox (feeding only): foodScrapmeat 

	- Komodo Dragon (feeding only): listAllmeatraw, foodScrapmeat

	- Wyvern (feeding only): foodScrapmeat 

	- Snake (feeding only) : foodScrapmeat 


Deers now drop hide instead of fur. Also added Twilight Forest venison drops for deer.


Added new feeding items for fishy and small fish:
 - Any vanilla MC seeds
 - Et Futurum Requiem: Beetroot seeds
 - Biomes O' Plenty: Kelp
 - Palms Harvest: Seaweed
 - Any item in GregTech 6 oredictionary: "foodRaisins"



Added more Tropicraft feeding item integration:
	- Elephant: Coconut chunks, Pineapple chunks. OreDictionary: listAllFruit


Added more Palms Harvest item integration:
 - Elephant (feeding only): Coconut
 - Panda: Bamboo Shute


Fixed pet bird always flapping wings when on player's head. Pet birds now only flap their wings when they are making the player glide.


Fixed Dolphin speed.


The following creatures now defend their owner if their owner is attacked by an entity:
 - Big Cats
 - Pet Scorpions
 - Snakes
 - Wyverns
 - Komodo Dragons
 - Sharks
 - Elephants


Added config option to control whether special pets defend their owners.


Fixed big cat speed and health.


Tweaked rider position on dolphins.


Fixed dolphins sinking when ridden even if they are not diving down.


Fixed texture bug at the bottom of big cat mouths.


Tamed baby lions now have a chance to grow up into either tamed male lions or tamed female lions.


Fixed non-tool MoC items applying enchantments when combined with an enchantment book in an anvil.


Werewolves now hunt villagers.


Fixed werewolves taking damage from snowball and egg projectiles.


Dire Wolves now attack players regardless of whether it is night or day.


Fixed Werewolf health not changing when in human form and wolf form. Also fixed werewolf taking real damage when transforming.


Fixed kitty looking at player when kitty is sleeping.


The following pets can now be healed using the following items in addition to their previous items:
 - Turtles: "listAllveggie" (ore dictionary), "listAllfruit" (oredictionary)
 - Pet Scorpion: rotten flesh, scrap meat (GregTech 6)


Feeding a pet with one of it's normal food items now no longer instantly heals them to full health. However, feeding essences to a pet scorpion, or the same type of essence to an essence created horse or ostrich will still heal them to full health.


Fixed bear and elephant health.


Fixed bear eyes.


Fixed predator creatures not destroying drops when destroy drops is enabled. Also, now all predators heal themselves slightly if they kill prey and destroy it's drops.


Dire Wolves and Werewolves now heal themselves slightly when they kill prey.


Black and Brown bears, Raccoons, Foxes, and Komodo Dragons now eat food items that are on the ground if they are below max health.


Angry bees will now spawn if a player breaks a hive from the Palm's Harvest Mod.


Fixed elephant speed. Fixed ostrich health and speed. Fixed Wyvern health.


Ownership of tamed pets can no longer be stolen by other players using amulets or medallions. Players will now need to use scrolls to transfer or remove their ownership.
Also, pets can now only be whipped or renamed by their owners. If a player tries to whip a tamed predator creature and they are not the owner of the creature, that creature will attack that player.


If a tamed special creature (mostly predators) is attacked by a player and that player is not the owner of that creature, that creature will now attack that player.


Pets can no longer be renamed using a book or a name tag, kitties can also no longer be tamed using a book or a name tag . The items for these uses is now only the medallion.


Added language file dependency for the max number of pets reached chat notification. Excluding the chat messages for MoC commands, this marks the completion of full language file dependency for all texts from the original Mo' Creatures mod.


Decreased health of all insects except crabs to 2HP.


Added drops for following mobs:
	Deer: venison (if palms harvest is installed)


Fixed transparent spots in all medium fish. Improved texture of salmon.


Improved fishing for small fish, fishy, and medium fish. If these creatures are reeled in after biting a fishing hook, they will now be instantly turned into an item in the player's inventory.


Improved fishing for fishable creatures. Now reeling in the fish is just like vanilla minecraft.


Small fish, fishy, and medium fish now have a chance to be force hooked on to a fishing rod by a player throwing the fishing hook at them without the fish willingly biting the hook. But this method of catching fish takes more durability damage on the fishing rod than if the player were to wait for the fish to bite the hook.


Improved meaningfulness of identifiers in all entity base classes. Also slightly improved the efficiency of For loops in those classes.


Fixed werewolf not recognizing golden shovel as one of their weakness items.


More improvements to meaningfulness of identifiers in entity classes and proxy classes.


Reduced golden shovel weakness damage to werewolf to 3.


Cleaned up code for werewolf transforming.


Silver skeleton now only run fast if they see an entity to attack (eg: player).


Blocks thrown by Mini Golems and Big Golems will now instantly turn into solid blocks when they hit the ground. This can be disabled by setting the gamerule doMobGreifing to false.


Mini Golems are now no longer able to pickup and throw liquid blocks (eg placeable water block, placeable lava block).


Fixed pandas and bear cubs dragging themselves around when sitting.


Cleaned up code for duck. Also fixed duck not floating in water. Fixed duck flapping wings in water.


Fixed all identifiers to match java naming conventions. Also improved meaningfulness of identifiers and removed unused code where found appropriate.


Fixed mole having a shadow on the surface when it is digging undergound.


Fixed already spawned scorpions changing their type when they walk into an area where another type of scorpion spawns.


Scorpions now no longer drop string.


FOUND BUG: ducks are darker when floating on water. I don't know how to fix this.


More identifier changes to match java naming conventions.


Added full stops to end of all sentences for achievement descriptions. This fix was only need for en_US.lang and does not need to be applied for other existing language files.


The following creatures now accept food from the "listAllfishraw" oredictionary:
 - Big Cat
 - Piranha
 - Dolphin
 - Shark
 - Komodo Dragons
 - Kitty (Only when angry to calm down, or after using litter box, or after eating from kitty bed)


Komodo Dragons now accept rotten flesh as a food item.


Wyverns now accept harvestcraft raw rabbit as a food item.


Fixed the land predators that are supposed to hunt fish not hunting fish if they are in rivers.


Slightly simplified the code for whip item. Also slightly increased the whip interaction distance.


Fixed zebra shuffle!
Tamed zebras now only dance when a zebra record is put in a jukebox nearby.
Also readded feature of other MoC Horses nodding their head when the zebra record is played nearby.
If you remove the zebra record before it has finished playing or if you change the record in the jukebox to another record before it has finished, shuffling for horses will still continue for a 1-3 minutes, afterwards the horse will still return to normal.
If you want to instantly stop the horse shuffling without waiting for the zebra record to finish, you can break the jukebox and it will stop all shuffling horses nearby.


Fixed jukebox not timing out by itself if it is playing the zebra record and there are shuffling horses nearby.


Fixed kitty rotation when picked up by players on the players shoulders.


If any of the following creatures are attacked by a player that is not the owner of that creature, and that player then tries to mount that creature. The following creatures will now drop that player off their back:
 - Horse (special horses only)
 - Elephant
 - Komodo Dragon
 - Pet Scorpion
 - Wyvern


Fixed following texture:
 - Lioness neck
 - Panda eyes
 - Silver Skeleton blades
 - Dire Wolf lips
 - Werewolf lips


Tweaked the textures of the following achievement icons:
 - Bird Tamer
 - Nightmare Horse
 - Fairy Horse
 - Pegasus
 - Dark Pegasus


Added drops for following creatures (only if Exotic Birds mod is Installed):
	Bird: small bird meat

	Duck small bird meat


Code clean up of "this." operator.


Made the Creeper Extension entity be under the the vanilla minecraft mobs label.


Fixed Thaumcraft aspects for creeper extension.


Fixed creeper extension header in zh.CN.lang.


Now only the owner of the pet or an Opped player can use a scroll on a tamed creature.


Added WIP witchery werewolf replacement integration.


Fixed spawning biome spawning integration with Netherlicious!


Fixed descriptions for scrolls not being dependent on lang files.


Removed config option for using scroll of reset owner since only opped players can use this item.


Added config option to control whether to use 16x Mo' Creatures textures or the original Mo' Creatures textures. This feature works on the client side, allowing players to customize this setting for themselves regardless of whether they are the owner of the world/server without affecting that world/server.


Dire wolves and Mo'Creatures Legacy werewolves no longer hunt players if the player is in werewolf form from the Witchery mod. But if you transform only after they see you as a target they will continue attacking you, so you will need to transform far away from Dire wolves and werewolves to approach them without them attacking you.


Simplified the code for Dire wolves and Werewolves hunting.


Players that are in werewolf form from the witchery mod can now no longer interact with creatures. To interact with creatures, werewolf players must be in human form.


Tidied up the code for generating config files.


Put the kitty bed texture back in it's original place.


Removed emissive texture for anglerfish to maximize compatibility with both Mo'Creatures texture packs and the option to switch between the 16x and original Mo' Creatures textures.


Added proper replacement of Witchery player werewolf model with Mo'Creatures werewolf model.


Added replacement for Witchery player wolf forms (only applies to player werewolves that are level 7 and above). Also added a config option to control this.


Added brown variant for dire wolves.


Added config option to select the color for player wolf and werewolf forms for witchery. This option is not unique to players, the color that is chosen will affect the wolf and werewolf forms for all players in a world/server.


Players can no longer interact with Mo' Creatures entities if they are in wolf or werewolf form from the Witchery mod.


Dire wolves, werewolves, and Mo' Creatures integration werewolves now defend max level werewolf players (if the player is in wolf or werewolf form) from entities that attack them.


Fixed fire werewolf not being immune to fire.


Dire wolves, werewolves, and Mo' Creatures integration werewolves will now no longer fight back if attacked by a werewolf player (if the player is in wolf or werewolf form).


NOTE: Dire wolves, werewolves, and Mo' Creatures integration werewolves will attack the player if they are in wolf form and are below level 7. They will never attack a player that is in werewolf form or if a player is in wolf form and they are level 7 or above.


Fixed dire wolves, Werewolves, and Mo' Creatures integration werewolves continuing to attack the player after they have just transformed into wolf or werewolf form. 


Werewolves that attack a max level werewolf player before they turn to wolf or werewolf form will suffer the death of shame. ( If a werewolf that attacks a max level werewolf player before they turn into wolf or werewolf form, and that player then turns to wolf or werewolf form, the werewolf that attacked that max level werewolf player will kill themselves ).


The following creatures now have attack damages that change with the world difficulty:
- Dire wolf
- Werewolf
- Witchery integration werewolf 


Witchery integration werewolves now have the following varients: white, black, and brown.


Added Russian language file. Thanks to Hudhand for the translation.


Returned elephants' bulldozer ability to it's original state from Mo' Creatures.


Added the following items from the following mods as food & tame items for panda:
	Growthcraft: Bamboo

	Plant Mega Pack: All bamboo variants


Added config option to control whether wraiths go through walls.


Added config option to control whether maggots, snails, and jellyfish drop slimeballs.


Added config option to control pet health display modes:
	0 = Do not show health bar for pets
	1 = Always show health bar for pets
	2 = Only show health bar for pets if they are hurt


Added config option to control whether creatures can be mounted or picked up only with a free hand or with items in hand as well.


Readded ability for players to ride a non-flying mount with a creature picked up or on their head. You will first need to pickup the pickable creature and then mount the mountable creature. This maybe a bit tricky to do for pickable creatures that are in the player's hand or on the player's shoulder.


Fixed black and brown bears only hunting player during night.


Added rare giant panda variants as a config option.


Removed unused entry in lang files.


Fixed player werewolf and wolf form replacements for Witchery mod still rendering even if player has used an invisibility potion.


Added werewolf weakness damage from Witchery silver bolt for werewolves and Witchery integration werewolves. This will only work if the player has silver bolts in their inventory without any other types of bolts in their inventory.


Improved readability of interact code for horse by seperating it into multiple functions.


Kitties that have been bred now only spawn one baby kitty. Baby kitties that are created from breeding will now prompt the owner to name them.


Bright green snakes no longer spawn in swamps, the spawns for these in swamps have been replaced with the dark brown/green snake.


Fixed kitty rotation and position for when kitty is on kitty bed and giving birth.


Fixed maggot model stretching out too much when hit.


Kitties now no longer attack the player if they haven't been fed too often. Kitties will still attack the player if they have been fed and can't find an unused litter box or if the player attacks them or if the player attacks a baby kitty. Kitties can still be pacified if angry by feeding them cooked fish.


Ostriches now no longer spawn in the outback biome from Biomes O' Plenty.


Increased dark pegasus speed to now only be slighty under the speed of a fairy horse. The original Mo' Creatures dark pegasus was as fast as a fairy horse.
I've decided to keep the fairy horse as the fastest horse in it's original Mo' Creatures speed since it is harder to obtain than a dark pegasus (needing to sacrifice both a pure unicorn and pure pegasus to get it).


Fixed remove turkey if spawned in blacklisted biome event.


Fixed crash on server relating to Witchery player wolf form and player werewolf form replacement.


NOTE: Witchery player wolf form and player werewolf form replacements only works in single player. If used on servers it makes any werewolf players other than yourself be invisible when they are in wolf or werewolf form.


Fixed bunny rotation when picked up by player.


Tweaked texture: nightmare horse achievement icon.


Minor code edits: simplification in some areas, and renaming to match Java naming convention in others.


Fixed the replaceWitcheryWerewolfEntities config option being dependent on the replaceVanillaCreepers config.


Improved location accuracy for spawning fire particles when Witchery integration werewolf is right clicked with wolfsbane. Also improved location accuracy for where golem blocks transform back to solid blocks.


Fixed crash from entity id conflict relating to creeper extensions and Witchery integration werewolves. 


Improved the meaningfulness of some identifiers in render classes.


Added feature to make Witchery integration werewolves use human model and Minecraft Comes Alive textures if both Witchery and Minecraft Comes Alive are installed.


Fixed werewolves taking too much damage if attacked by an entity that isn't a player. Also Witchery witch hunters now deal 5 damage to werewolves using their silver bolts. Silver Skeletons now deal 9 damage to werewolves if they end up fighting each other.


Improved werewolf detection of projectile damage (non-damaging projectiles, arrows, and Witchery silver bolts).


Fixed Witchery integration werewolves not taking damage in human form when hit by Witchery witch hunters.


NOTE: Witchery witch hunters can tell the difference between normal villagers, Minecraft Comes Alive villagers, and Witchery integration werewolves. Witchery witch hunters will find and kill Witchery integration werewolves even if they are in their human form. 


Added config option to control whether the human form for Mo' Creatures werewolves use realistic human sounds. This is set to false by default.


Fixed Mo' Creatures werewolf not taking proper damage in human form.


Fixed crash when player tries to hook a Werewolf using a fishing rod.


Fixed wolfsbane interaction with Witchery werewolf integration villagers and Witchery werewolf integration Minecraft Comes Alive villagers.


Simplified the code for the ostrich interact function.


Fixed elephant chest achievement description for all lang files.


Simplified the code for wyverns dropping armor.


Fixed white werewolf lips. Also removed unused texture.


The following creatures now have attack damages that scale with the difficulty:
	Scorpion
	Wraith
	Flame Wraith
	Golem Block
	Silver Skeleton <- also increased base attack damage


Tweaked thaumcraft aspects for:
	Wyvern
	Silver Skeleton


The songhua river mammoth can now carry 4 elephant chests just like the regular mammoth.


All mammoths can now carry a mammoth platform.


Improved meaningulness of identifiers in the code for elephant.


Fixed elephants always destroying blocks without being whipped.


Fixed elephant tusks not taking damage when breaking blocks.


Fixed Witchery player werewolf replacement not working on servers - still somewhat glitchy though.
